okay jazzy
that's fine
the 1800s
live from the 1800s last year this house
was used twenties maybe maybe that's not
electricity
yeah it had to be from for the 20s when
everybody got cabled up with Lexie I
mean even here it takes until the 40s
yeah
front door
why would they have two doors here you
think this is a room they have two doors
right next to each other this is where
they put their TV
or they have three doors right next to
each other they had to be separated this
had to be a room or something
well you have two back doors this is
probably their bedroom right here check
the new brick construction and here that
check this out
this has got metal this is part of the
original part of the house right here
right yeah wait look why would they
invent that right now you think you
could smoke when you but they maybe get
rid of the stench hey this is the toilet
they have to look at the new brick
construction in there oh this is
building 18 mrs. Donnelly Ryan this is
an add-on and then for some reason they
closed it up people heated see they had
an outdoor fireplace and then they
bricked over it or someone made it and
then they rear it over it again it's
connected in the same chimney with every
it's nice to have an outdoor fireplace
here you know
you mean they made this is the outdoor
fireplace right this place to hang out
couldn't have done a better job well
then they seal it they they they covered
it back up someone turned it into that
and they yeah yeah you can see this
that's where the geocache goes right
there absolutely good spot Oh
some sort of other room here this is the
front porch